# E01

performed my chores.

Errand

Polishing

Gleamed

astonishing

hallway

Retrieve

Revoler

startle

popping

Curiosity

Aroused

dropping

Unannounce

unannounced

Mrs. Huber tried to think of a reason for dropping in on me unannounced.

initial

hesitation

After some initial hesitation, 

she decided to return the blender she had borrowed from me six months before.

It's my neighbour, I think she's been shot. There's blood everywhere.

Yes, you've got to send an abmulance. you've got to send one right now.

And for a moment, Mrs. Huber stood motionless in her kitchen grief-stricken by this senseless tragedy.

But only for a moment, if there was one thing, Mrs huber was known for, it was her ability to look on the bright side.

I was laid to rest on a Monday. 

After the funeral, all the residents of Wisterial Lane came to pay their respects.

And, as people do in these situations, they brought food.

Lynette Scavo brought fried chicken.

Lynette had a great family recipe for fried chicken.

Of course, she didn't cook much while she was moving up the corporate ladder.

She didn't have the time. But when her doctor announced Lynette was pregnant, her husband Tom had an idea.

Why not quit your job? Kid 

My name is May Alice Young.

When you read this morning's paper, 

After my feunal, my neight quietly bach return their lives.

the morning after my feunal, my friends an neighbors quietly went back to their busy, busy lives.





My name is Mary Alice Young, When you read this morning's paper, you may come across an article about the unusual day i had last week.

Normally, there's never anything newsworthy about my life, but that all changed last Thursday.

Of course, everything seemed quite normal at first. Here you are, waffles. 

I made breakfast for my family. I performed my chorse. I completed my projects. I ran my errands. 

In truth, i spent the day as i spent every other day, quietly polishing the routine of my life, until it gleamed with perfection.

That's why it was so astonishing when i decided to go to my hallway closet, and retrieve a revolver that had never been used.

My body was discovered by my neighbor, Mrs. Martha Huber, who'd been startled by a strange popping sound. 

