# Mommy Pig At Work

Mommy Pig is working at her computer.

Daddy Pig is making soup for lunch.

Daddy, can we go and watch Mommy on her computer?

Yes, as long as you don't disturb her.

She has a lot of import work to do today.

Thank you, Daddy.

Mommy Pig has a lot of important work to do.

Mommy, can George and i sit on your lap and watch you work ?

Yes, if you both sit quietly.

Peppa and George love to watch Mommy work on the computer. 

Mommy, can we play that computer game "Happy Mrs. Chicken"?

We can play "happy mrs. chicken" later. but now i have to work.

Mommy, can we help you work?

No peppa, you mustn't touch the computer. And George you musn't touch the computer, either.

 Yes, George, you mustn't do this.

Peppa, stop.

Oh, mommy,i was just showing George what not to do.

Oh, dear, that computer is not meant to do that.

Daddy pig, Daddy pig.

What is it, Mommy pig?

Daddy pig, can you mend the computer?

I'll finish the lunch while you mend the computer.

Right you are, mommy pig.

but i'm not very good at these things.

Oh, thank you, Daddy pig.

Daddy pig is going to mend the computer.

umm, may be if just switch it off, and then switch it on again.

Daddy pig has mended the computer.

Hurray, daddy

Yes, i am a bit of an expert at these things.

Daddy, can we play that computer game, "happe mrs. chicken"

Maybe you should ask Mommy pig.

Mommy said that we can play it later.

Well, that's okay, then.

But i don't know where the disc is.

Yippee.

Now, it's my turn.

Now, it's my turn.

What on earth is going on?

Well, i see the computer is working again.