# Piggy in the Middle

Georga is playing with his ball in the garden.

Peppa wants to play too.

George, you've doing it all wrong.

This is how to catch a ball.

Not like this.

That's what you do.

What a cheek little one peppa is.

George, come back, you little piggy.

Maybe Peppa is teasing George just a bit too much.

Peppa, have you been teasing George.

Not really, i was teaching him how to catch.

Really?

Well, i know a game that will teach George how to catch.

It's called "Piggy-in-the-Middle".

Peppa, you take the ball and stand over there, and George you stand over there.

Good, you have to throw ball to each other, and i have to try and catch it. I'm Piggin in the Middle.

Mommy is the piggy in the middle.

Catch, George .

Oh, missed it.

George has caught the ball.

Hurray.

Well done, George, now you throw the ball to Peppa.

Oop, try it again.

Oh, try it again.

George can't throw the ball pass Mommy pig.

Come on, George, give the ball to me.

Silly George, i can do that, too.

Peppa wants to copy George, but she's too big and has got stuck.

I've got the ball.

Peppa, now, it's you turn to be piggy.

George, catch.

Hurray.

Caught it, George, you are the piggy.

 George , catch.

Catch the ball, George .

Catch, George.

George, catch.

Here's the ball, George .

Oh, dear, Peppa, you shouldn't tease George like that.

Sorry, George .

What's all the noisy?

Daddy, George is too little to play "Piggh in the Middle".

Oh, i am sure he is big enough.

 No, he isn't. Daddy, watch.

Catch it, George .

Hurray.

That's not fair.

Yes, it is. I just gave George a helping hand.

Mommy, can i have a helping hand.

Of course, you can, Peppa.

Give me, George .

Peppa loves catching the ball.

George loves catching the ball.

Everyone loves catching the ball.









