# Bicycles

 It's a lovely, sunny day.

And Peppa and George are riding their bicycles.

That's a fine pupmkin, Daddy pig.

Daddy pig is very pround of his pumpkin

Pumpkins is the only thing i can grow.

Probably because i love pumpkin pie.

Come on, George .

Danny, suzy, Rebecca.

Peppa and her friends, Danny dog, Suzy sheep, Rebecca rabbit, are riding their bicycles.

George is riding his tricycles.

 He's going so slowly.

Let's race to Daddy pig's pumpkin.

If we race to Daddy's pumpkin, we've to be very careful not to bump into it. 

Daddy would to be very sad if the pumpkin got broken.

Don't worry, Peppa, race you.

Peppa and her's are racing to Daddy Pig's pumpkin.

Hey, watch out for my pumpkin.

Hurray.

Peppa, look out. Daddy's pumpkin.

Sorry, Daddy.

 Look at George , he's going so slowly.

George is still riding a baby bike.

Yours is a baby bike, too, Peppa.

You've still got stabilizers.

I can ride without my stabilizers.

Me, too.

And me.

Let's ride up the hill again, Are you coming, Peppa?

No, i think i'll stay here.

See you later.

Bye.

Peppa wishes she did not have stabilizers on her bicycles.

Daddy, i don't want stabilizers anymmore.

Do you think you can ride without them?

Yes.

Alright, Peppa, Let's take them off.

Daddy Pig is taking the stabilizers off Peppa's bicycles.

Are you sure you want to ride without stabilizers?

Yes.

You've never done it before.

I can do it, i can, i can.

It's not funny.

Riding without stabilizers is not easy.

Would you like some help, Peppa?

Yes, please, Daddy.

Alright, ready, steady, go.

Don't let it go, Daddy.

Don't worry, i've got you.

You're doing really well, Peppa.

Hold on, Daddy.

Just keep pedalling.

Peppa is riding on her own, without stabilizers.

Daddy, you let go.

You've been cycling on your own for ages.

Have i?

You're really very good at it.

Am i?

Oh, i can do it, look at me, look at me.

I can ride my bike properly.

Danny, suzy, Rebecca! Look. I don't need my stabilizers any more.

Look at me.

Hurray!

Race you to Daddy's pumpkin.

Peppa, look out my pumpkin.

I'm going to win.

Peppa isn't looking where she is going.

WAAAAAA, OOpus.

Oh, dear. Peppa has squashed Daddy Pig's pumpkin.

Sorry, i squashed your pumpkin, Daddy.

Never mind the pumpkin.

The important thing is that you are okay.

In future, you really must look where you are going.

I promise i will, Daddy.

Good, anyway, now the pumpkin is broken.

I can make it into pumpkin pie.

I love pumpkin pie.

 And because Daddy Pig's pumpkin is so big.

There will be enough pumpkin pie for everyone.

Hurray.

