# Picnic

It's a lovely bright sunny day.

Peppa and her family are going for a picnic.

Daddy Pig is bringing the picnic basket.

Picnic-blanket, bread, cheese, tomatoes and lemonade.

Is there anything we've forgotten?

Mommy's strawberry cake.

I was just teasing.

Mommy's home-made strawberry cake is there, too.

Is everybody ready?

Ready.

Then let's go.

This looks like just the spot for our picnic.

Hurray.

It's great to be outdoors, we should run around a bit and get some exercise.

I want to eat, then have a nap. I certainly don't want to run around.

Maybe Daddy shoud run around a bit. His tummy is quite big.

My tummy is not big, but later i'll get some exercise even if no one else does.

Let's eat.

Good idea, Mommy Pig, I'm very hungry.

Delicious.

I feel quite sleepy.

I thought you wanted to run around a bit, Daddy Pig.

Later.

Look, there's a little duck pond.

Mommy, can we feed the ducks?

Yes, you can feed them the rest of the bread.

Peppa and George love feeding bread to ducks.

Mommy, i think they want some more.

 That was the last of the bread.

I'm sure they've had enough.

Sorry, Mrs. Duck, We've no more bread.

The ducks want more food.

So much Daddy Pig and his exercise.

What?

You lot again!

Peppa told you there's no more bread.

Mommy, we do have strawberry cake.

Well, if there's any cake left over, you can give it to the ducks.

Everyone likes Mommy Pig's home-made strawberry cake.

Eeek, a wasp.

I hate wasp, shoooo.

What a fuss, Mommy Pig.

It's only a little wasp.

Go away, wasp.

Just stay still, Mommy Pig.

It'll fily away.

Then, you see.

All you had to do was stay still.

Get away. Scram. Help.

Get it off me.

I hope the wasp doesn't sting Daddy.

Get away, you little pest.

No, Daddy is running to fast for the wasp to catch him.

Let's eat our cake before the wasp comes back.

Oh, no, we forgot to leave any for the ducks.

I think i lost it.

You said you would run around and get some exercise, Daddy Pig.

But i didn't believe you'd do it.

Luckily, i managed to hang on to my slice of strawberry cake.

Stop, Daddy. We promised the rest of the cake for the ducks.

You are very lucky ducks.

Say thank you to the Daddy Pig.

You're most welcome.

It's time to go home, say goodbye to the ducks.

Bye Bye, ducks.

See you next time.

