# New Shoes

Peppa and George have been playing in the garden.

 Peppa, where are your shoes?

Oh, i've lost them.

Well, i'm sure we can find them.

Maybe we should try the garden?

 Yes.

Everyone is looking for Peppa's shoes.

Mommy Pig is looking in the flowerbed.

Peppa's shoes are not there.

Daddy Pig is looking in the wheelbarrow.

Peppa's shoes are not there.

Peppa and Geroge look in the flowepots.

Peppa's shoes are not there, either.

We've looked everywhere, but we can't find Peppa's shoes.

Peppa's shoes are lost.

Now, i haven't got any shoes to wear.

Peppa, your shoes were getting a bit old.

We'll buy you a new pair.

Can my new shoes be red, Mommy?

Of course, they can.

George, i'm going to have a red shoes.

Mommy Pig and Peppa are at  Miss Rabbit's shoes shop.

Hello, Miss Rabbit.

Hello, Mommy Pig.

We would like to buy some new shoes for Peppa, please.

Red shoes.

Oh, i'm sure we can find lovely noew shoes, Peppa.

Red ones, please.

Of course, red ones.

Wow, new red shoes.

George and Daddy Pig are playing draughts.

Oh, well done, George.

Daddy, Daddy.

Look at my new shoes.

They are red.

I say, they're red.

Mommy, do you like my new shoes?

Yes, Peppa, they make you look very smart.

George, do you like my new shoes?

Eveyrone likes Peppa's new shoes.

I like my new shoes very much.

I don't want to ever take them off.

It's bath time.

Peppa wants to keep her new shoes on, even for her bath.

Peppa is in her pajamas.

She still has her new shoes on.

 Peppa even wants to wear her new shoes in bed.

Peppa, are you sure you don't want to take your shoes off?

I don't want to ever take my new shoes off, Mommy.

Very well, Goodnight, Peppa and George.

Goodnight, Mommy. Goodnight, Daddy.

Goodnight, my little piggies.

It has been raining all night. And now the garden is very wet.

Mommy Pig is wearing her boots.

Daddy Pig is wearing his boots.

George is wearing his boots.

Peppa is still wearing her new red shoes.

George is going to play in the wet grass.

Oh dear, Peppa loves playing in the wet grass.

But she doesn't want to get her new shoes wet.

I can't play in the wet grass. George.

Oh.

George loves jumping in muddy puddles.

Peppa loves jumping in muddy puddles.

But she doesn't want to get her new shoes muddy.

Mommy and Daddy love jumping up and down in muddy puddles.

Everyone likes jumping in the muddy puddles. 

Where is Peppa going?

Peppa is putting on her boots.

If you jump in muddy puddles, you must wear your boots.

