# The School Fete

Today is the day of school fete.

Peppa loves coming to the fete.

Here are Peppa's friends, Candy Cat, Suzy Sheep, Danny Dog, Rebecca Rabbit and Pedro Pony.

Hello, every one.

Hello, Peppa.

I love the school fete.

Metoo, what do you like best?

The face painting.

I like the balloons.

I like the bouncy castle the best.

I like everything.

A very good choice, Peppa.

See you later, Peppa.

See you later.

George, What do you like best?

Dinosaur, grrrr.

Oh dear, there aren't any dinosarus at the fete, George.

Maybe we can get you a dinosaur balloon.

Are you sure they have dinosaur balloons, Daddy Pig?

I'm certain of it.

Can George and i get our faces painted first?

Of course.

Miss Rabbit has painted Peppa's friends as tigers.

There you are, Suzy. 

Now you look like a tiger.

Thank you, Miss Rabbit.

Wow, i like your face, Suzy.

Are you a pussy cat?

No, i'm a tiger.

Peppa, would you like your face painted?

Yes, please, can i be an elephant?

Oh, dear, i don't know how to do elephant.

I can do tigers.

Yes, a tiger, please.

There you are, now you are a tiger.

I'm a tiger.

George, what would you like to be?

Dinosaur, grrr.

A dinosaur? How about a tiger instead?

I'm good at tigers.

I'm a tiger.

So am i.

Tigers don't say, "woof, woof".

How do you know?

Because tigers are big cat.

And i'm a cat.

Candy, please, can you teach us how to be tigers?

OK.

Tigers creep very very slowly.

And then, they jump, grrr.

Tigers like to lick themselves clean.

But best of all, when tigers are happy, they purr.

Hello, children, my goodness.

You're all tigers.

And i'm teaching them to be proper tigers. Grrr.

What do you little tigers want to be next?

Dinosaur.

That's right, we have to find George a dinosaur balloon.

Let's get you all balloons.

Hurray.

Hello, Madame Gazelle.

We would like some balloons, please.

Certainly, I've got lots of different ones.

Can i have an elephant please?

Here you are, Peppa.

Can I have a Kangaroo?

A lion, please.

A monkey, please.

A parrot, please.

Yes, i've got all those.

Most important of all.

We need a dinosaur balloon for George.

Oh, dear, i do not seem to have any dinosaur balloons.

Oh.

Don't worry, George, i've got an idea.

Could we have two of the long balloons, please?

Watch this, everybody.

What is Daddy Pig doing with the balloons?

There, Can anyone guess what it is?

Is it a kangaroo?

No, it's a dinosaur.

That's right, a dinosaur.

Daddy Pig has made a balloon dinosaur.

Grrrr, dinosaur.

Now, the bouncy castle.

Peppa love bouncing on the bouncy castle.

Everyone loves bouncing on the bouncy castle.

This is the best school fete, ever.

