# Mommy Pig's Birthday

The day is Mommy Pig's birthday.

Daddy Pig has made Mommy Pig breakfast in bed.

Happy Birthday, Mommy Pig.

Peppa and George have made Mommy Pig a birthday cards.

Happy Birthday, Mommy.

Oh, What a lovely birthday surprise.

And there're more surprises to come.

Enjoy your birthday breakfast.

Take your time.

Hmmmm. Yummy.

Quick. We have to get everything else ready.

Daddy Pig has made a birthday cake for Mommy Pig.

we've just got to put candles on.

One, Two.

Here i come.

Mommy Pig has finished her birthday breakfast.

Mommy's coming.

Oh, no.

We're not ready yet.

Who's it?

It's Mommy, Can i come in?

No, No.

Is there something secret going on?

Err, No, nothing's going on, but you can't come in.

I see.

Mommy Pig, why don't you relax in the sitting room?

That sounds nice.

Well, it is your birthday.

OK, Peppa. I think i know where the sitting room is.

Here's nice magazine.

Thank you ,Peppa.

And here is some pretty music.

Thank you, Peppa.

We need the same number of candles as Mommy's age.

One, Two, Three.

Oh, dear, we havn't got nearly enough candles.

Daddy, how old is Mommy?

I'll whisper it in your ear.

Wow, really old.

You know, i think three candles will be fine.

Mommy Pig's birthday cake is ready.

Hurray.

We just have to put up the decorations in the sitting room.

Hello, Mommy.

There you all are.

I was getting a little bored.

Mommy, would you like to have a nice walk in the garden?

Do i have any choice?

Nope.

Byebye, Mommy, have a lovely walk.

We'll call you when it is safe to come back in.

I've forgotten what hard work birthday were.

Daddy Pig, Peppa and George are decorating the sitting room.

This is fun.

Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig have arrived for Mommy Pig's birthday.

Happy birthday, Mommy Pig.

Aren't you come inside?

Oh, i can't come in yet. Daddy Pig, Peppa and George are doing secret things for my birthday.

How lovely, see you later.

Bye.

Mommy, would you like to come inside now?

I'd love to.

Close your eyes.

Keep your eyes closed, Mommy.

One, Two, Three, open your eyes.

Happy Birthday, Mommy Pig.

What a lovely surprise.

Blow the candles out and make a wish.

Mommy, Mommy, open your present, can you guess what it is?

I've no idea.

Open it and see.

It's a beautiful dress.

You're beautiful, Mommy.

Now, you just need somewhere nice to wear it.

What's this?

Two tickets to the theater, tonight.

Thank you.

Mommy Pig loves going to theater.

And Granny Pig and i are going to baby-sit the little ones.

Hurray.

What a super birthday.

I'm the luckiest Mommy in the whole world.

And the most beautiful.

