# The Tooth Fairy

 Peppa and George are having their favorite food: Spaghetti.

What a lot of noise.

Finished.

Ah, now we'll have a bit of quite.

What's that?

It's a tooth.

Where did that come from?

Peppa, maybe you should look in the mirror.

It's my tooth.

It's fallen out.

Don't worry, Peppa, it's just a milk tooth.

They are meant to fall out.

Will i grow new one, Mommy?

Yes, you will, Peppa.

It also means the tooth fairy will be paying you a visit.

Tooth Fairy?

Yes, the tooth fairy.

 If you put the tooth under your pillow tonight, the tooth fairy will come.

The tooth fairy will take the tooth, and in it's place she will leave a shinning coin.

And when i grow up i want to be a tooth fairy.

And what would you like to be when you grow up, George?

Dinosaur.

A dinosaur.

Quick, George, it's bedtime. We don't want to miss the tooth fairy.

Before going to bed, Peppa and George brush their teeth.

Peppa, what're you doing?

I brushed my tooth, so it's nice and clean for the tooth fairy.

Peppa can not wait to get into bed.

Peppa is putting her tooth under the pillow for the tooth fairy.

Goodnight, Peppa and George.

Goodnight, Mommy, Goodnight, Daddy.

Good night, my little piggies.

George, i'm not going to sleep.

Let's both stay awake all night and see the tooth fairy.

This tooth fairy is very late.

Oh, the toothe fairy is taking a long time to arrive.

 Where is that tooth fairy?

What is that noise?

Is it the tooth fairy?

George, can you hear something?

Oh, George.

Oh, the noise is George.

He was so tired, He has fallen asleep.

George is not very good at stay awake.

But, i'm.

I'm going to stay awake and see the tooth fairy.

I'm not going to sleep.

The tooth fairy has arrived.

The Peppa is asleep.

Hello, Peppa. Would like this coin in return for your tooth?

What a nice clean tooth. Thank you, Peppa, Good night.

Peppa, George, wake up, it's morning.

What?

I wasn't asleep.

Did the tooth fairy come?

No.

Let's take a look at your pillow.

Look, Peppa.

The tooth fairy has been and she's left you a coin.

Hooray.

You fell asleep, didn't you?

Well, maybe i fell asleep just for a little bit.

Next time, i will stay awake.

And i will see the tooth fairy.











