# The New Car

Today, Peppa and her family are going for a drive in their red car.

Shall we have the roof down?

Yes, please.

Peppa and George love their car.

Is everybody ready?

Ready.

Then let's go.

I love our car.

And our cars loves us too, don't you?

Oh, dear, the car does not sound very well.

What's wrong daddy?

I don't know.

Let's take it to Granddad dog's garage. He can fix it.

Good idea, Mommy Pig.

Granddad Dog runs the garage.

He is very good at mending cars.

Oh, dear, Daddy Pig.

The car does not sound very well.

Can you fix it, Granddad Dog?

Yes, but it'll take all day.

Oh.

We wanted to go for a drive in our car.

Don't worry, you can borrow this new car while i fix yours.

Hurray.

Thank you, Granddad Dog.

Would you like the roof down?

Yes, please.

I'll just press this red button.

What a clever car.

When you come back, i'll have fixed your car.

Thank you, Granddad Dog, Good bye, Bye.

Bye Bye.

Good Bye.

Peppa and her family like the new blue car.

There are so many buttons in this new car.

What does the green button do, Daddy?

Let's see.

Magic windows.

Daddy, make the magic windows go down.

What does the blue button do?

I don't know, let's see.

I love this new car, Can we keep it?

No, we can't keep it, Peppa, we've only borrowed it for today.

Oh, no, i think it's going to rain.

Yeah, i'll just put the roof up.

Now, which is the button to close the roof?

Oops, silly me.

HA-HA, This must be the button.

The new car has squirted Daddy Pig with water.

SIlly Daddy, That's not the roof.

This button.

Oops, not that one.

This button.

Daddy Pig has forgotten which button closes the roof.

I don't think this car likes me.

Let's try the red button.

Hurray.

But, now it's stopped raining.

Can we open the roof again?

Yes, which button was it?

The red one.

Hurray.

Granddad Dog has fixed the car.

Your car is fixed.

Hurray.

Thank you Granddad Dog, keep the change.

Thank you Daddy Pig.

Good bye, good bye, bye.

Bye Bye.

 It's good to get our old car back again.

I like the new car, but i like our old car better.

And i think our old car likes us too, Don't you?













