# Treasure Hunt

 Granny Pig and Granpa Pig are making a treasure hunt for Peppa and George.

Granny Pig is drawing the treasure map.

Grandpa Pig is burying the treasure in a secret place in the garden.

Grandpa Pig, have you finished? Peppa and George will be here soon.

No need to panic, Granny Pig.

Peppa and her family are here.

Quick, Grandpa Pig. They are here.

Almost done.

Grandpa Pig just finished in time.

Granny Pig, We're here.

Granny Lg.

Hello, my little ones.

Grandpa Pig, papa lg.

Ahoy there, me hearties.

Peppa, George, we've made you a treasure hunt.

Somewhere in the garden, is buried treasure.

Wow, treasure.

Where is it?

You have to look for it.

Here's a treasure map for Peppa.

And George could wear my pirate hat.

Ahoy there, captain George.

The map is a bit difficult, Daddy, can you help?

Of course, Peppa.

I'm very good with maps.

It is a bit difficult.

Daddy Pig, you are holding the map upside down.

Yes, i thought so much.

It's easy. The red cross shows where the treasure is.

But where in the garden are those two apple trees?

Ummm, i don't know.

Would you like a clue?

Yes, please.

The first clue is in a bottle, but where is the bottle?

I can see it.

Peppa has found the first clue, a message in a bottle.

Look everyone, here's the bottle.

Well done, Peppam let's see what the message says.

Wow, It's a message from a pirate.

Mommy, can you read the pirate's message?

Hmmm, this pirate has very bad handwriting.

The pirate's handwriting is excellent.

No, i can't make it out at all.

The pirate has clearly written, follow the arrows.

Follow the arrows?

George has found the second clue.

Sticks in the shape of an arrow.

Look, they point this way.

Peppa and George are following the arrows.

Look, George, a key.

Peppa has found the next clue, a key.

Well done, Peppa.

Now, you just have to find the treasure chest that it locks.

But that aren't anymore clues.

Maybe you should take another look at the map.

Look, Peppa, the map has two apple trees on it.

Here is an apple tree, and here is an apple tree.

So the treasure must be here.

Let's take a look.

Oh dear, It doesn't seem to be anything here.

Hang on, there is something here.

Wow, treasure.

Hooray.

Well done.

I've got the key to open it.

Wow, i can't believe it. Gold coins.

They must be worth of fortune.

It's better than that, there are not gold coins, there are chocolate coins.

And there is a chocolate coin for everybody.

Hooray.

Peppa and George love chocolate coins.

Everyone loves chocolate coins.

Granny Grandpa, this is the best treasure hunt ever.

