# Not Very Well

Mommy Pig and Daddy Pig have just made breakfast for Peppa and George.

Breakfast is ready.

Peppa has red spots on her face.

Mommy, i don't feel very well.

Oh dear, Peppa. You don't look very well.

Don't worry, i'll ring Dr. Brown Bear.

Dr. Brown Bear speaking.

Peppa isn't very well, her face is coverd in red spots.

Put Peppa to bed, and i'll come straight round.

Dr. Brown Bear has come to make Peppa better.

Hello, Peppa, How are you today?

I'm not very well.

Stick your tongue out, please.

It's not anything serious.

Peppa has just got rash.

Do i need medicine?

The rash will clear up quickly.

But if you like, i can give you just a little medicine.

Yes, please.

I'm afraid it doesn't taste very nice.

Open wide, please.

Disgusting.

You are a brave little one for taking it so well.

Peppa must stay in bed, I'll call back later to check that she is better.

Can Peppa have a visitors?

Oh, yes she can have visitors.

The rash isn't catching, Goodbye.

Goodbye, Dr. Brown Bear.

Mommy, can i get up now?

Dr. Brown Bear says that you must stay in bed for a little bit, Peppa.

But it's so boring.

Dr. Brown Bear did say you could have visitors.

Can Suzy Sheep visit me?

Suzy Sheep is Peppa's best friend.

I'll ring Suzy Sheep's mommy.

Hello, Mrs. Pig.

May Peppa talk with Suze please?

Hello, Suzy.

Hello, Peppa.

I'm not very well. I have red spots on my face.

Has the doctor been?

Yes, Dr. Brown Bear was here.

He said i was not very well and that i was very brave.

So are you really ill?

Yes, Yes, it's not pretend. I have to stay in bed.

Dr. Brown Bear gave me medicine that tasted really horrible.

I'm coming to see you. I'll gonna wear my nurse's outfit.

Suzy Sheep has come to see Peppa.

She is wearing her nurse's costume.

Danny Dog and Rebecca Rabbit have come along too.

Hello, Peppa.

Hello.

How do you feel?

I'm not very well, Suzy.

I have to stay in bed.

What can we do to make you better?

You could get me some orange juice.

Ok.

Peppa seems to be quite enjoying herself.

Thank you, Suzy.

Do you feel any better?

A little bit.

Danny, ask my Mommy if i could have some ice cream.

And Rebacca, could you bring me some flowers from the garden?

Dr. Brown Bear is here to see if Peppa is better.

Ah good, the nurse is already here.

How is the patient?

I'm not a real nurse, it's just prtend.

I see, would you like me to take a look myself?

Yes, please.

I say, no more red spots, you're completely better.

Aren't i still a bit ill?

How do you feel?

I think i should stay in bed a little bit more.

I fancy a game with this ball in the garden.

Who wants to join me?

Me, Me, Me.

Me, too.

Well, i never, a completely recovery.

