# Windy Castle

Peppa and her family are going out for the day.

Peppa, George, today we're going to Windy Castle.

What's Windy Castle, Daddy.

It's a castle on very high hill.

George lokes castles.

Windy Castle sounds like a boring thing for boys.

No, Peppa, you'll love it.

There's a great view from the top of Windy Castle.

You can even see Granny and Grandpa's house.

Wow, Let's go.

I'll map-read and Mommy Pig will drive.

Are you sure, Daddy Pig?

When you map-read we always get lost and you get grumpy.

We'll not get lost and i'll not get grumpy.

Windy Castle, here we come.

Are we nearly there yet?

Not quite.

Would you like to play a game?

Yes, please.

Let's play "I spy".

Ok, I'll go first.

Daddy Pig has to secretly look at something and the others have to guess what it is.

I spy with my little eye, something colored "red".

Red? my dress, that's red.

No, it's not your dress.

The car.

That's right, our red car.

Ok, i spy with my little eye, something "blue".

George's blue shirt.

Nope.

Is it something in the car?

No, give up?

Yes.

The sky, the blue sky. I win.

Daddy Pig, do you know where we are?

I know exactly where we are.

Although... ths road doesn't look the same as it does on the map.

Oh, Daddy Pig, We're lost.

We're not lost.

So how do we get to Windy Castle from here?

Just give me a moment,

I know, We can ring Granny and Grandpa.

There's no need to ring Granny and Grandpa.

 I'll get us to Windy Castle, if it takes me all day.

We haven't got all day.

Hello, Grandpa Pig speaking.

Grandpa Pig, we've got a bit lost on the way to Windy Castle.

Is the Daddy Pig doing the map-reading?

Yes, Daddy Pig is doing the map-reading.

And he's a bit grumpy at the momemt.

I'm not grumpy.

This is the best route: keep on the main road, uitill you see Windy Castle up ahead.

Thank you, Grandpa Pig.

We follow the main road and look out for Windy Castle.

As i thought.

Look, is that a castle?

Yes, it's Windy Castle.

Come on, car.

Come on, car, you can make it.

Hurrah.

 Peppa and her family have arrived at Windy Castle.

Wow, it's so tall.

Let's go inside. The view from the top is fantastic.

Look at the view.

 Mommy, is that Granny and Grandpa's house?

Yes, it is.

It's so far away.

Let's take a look through the telescope.

Can i look first, please?

Yes, but you must let George look next.

Wow, the telescope make everything look bigger.

I can see Granny and Grandpa.

Look, Geroge.

Donkey 'ig, Papa 'ig.

George is waving at Granny and Grandpa.

Silly George, Granny and Grandpa are too far away to see you waving.

I know, we can ring them.

Hello.

Grandpa Pig, We can see you from Windy Castle.

Wave at us.

Granny and Grandpa are waving at us.

I love Windy Castle.

