# Pancakes

It is tea time.

And Mommy Pig has a surprise for everyone.

Today is the day for pancakes.

Pancakes, delicious.

I love pancakes.

Everyone loves pancakes.

I'm the expert at flipping the pancakes over, leave that to me.

Are you sure, Daddy Pig? Last time you got a bit grumpy when you dropped the pancakes on the floor.

I did not get grumpy.

There was a problem with the frying pan.

Mommy, can we help make the pancakes, please?

Yes, you can help me make the batter.

First, i put some flour in the bowl.

Now, i add an egg.

Now, the milk.

And i give it all a stir.

Mommy, can i stir?

Yes, of course, Peppa.

Peppa loves stirring.

Geroge wants to stir as well.

No, George, like this.

Okay, that's enough stirring.

You two sit at the table while i cook the pancakes.

Mommy Pig is going to flip the pancake over.

Hooray.

You could flip it higher, Mommy Pig.

You can show us how when you flip you own pancake, Daddy Pig.

This first pancake is for George.

Mommy Pig pours a little syrup on George's pancake.

Delicious.

This pancake is for Peppa.

Hooray.

You could flip it higher, Mommy Pig.

You'll get a chance to show me when you flip your own pancake, Daddy Pig.

Syrup please.

Delicious.

This pancake is for Mommy Pig.

Hooray.

You still aren't flipping them high enough, Mommy Pig.

The next pancake is yours, Daddy Pig.

So now you can show us how it should be done.

Delicious.

Is everyone watching?

The secret of making a good pancake is to flip it high into the air.

One, Two, Three, hoopla.

Silly Daddy.

Oh, maybe that was just a bit too high.

What a shame, that was the last pancake.

It should be a simple matter to get it down.

Oh dear, Daddy Pig cannot reach his pancake.

Don't worry, Daddy Pig.

I think i know a way to get it down.

Let's go upstairs, children, this way.

What is Mommy Pig planning to do?

On the count of three, we all have to start jumping up and down.

One, Two, Three.

Jump.

What are they doing?

It worked, now Daddy Pig has his pancake.

Daddy has a pancake on his head.

Syrup on your pancake, Daddy Pig.

Yes, please.

One, Two, Three, hoopla, delicious.

Silly Daddy.

