# Babysitting

Mommy Pig and Daddy Pig are going out for the evening.

Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig are going to babysit.

Granny Pig, Grandpa Pig.

ig,ig

Hello, my little ones.

Hello.

Peppa, George, into your beds, quick.

Good night, my little piggies.

Good night, sleep tight.

Good night, Mommy, Good night, Daddy.

What little darlings.

Now, go to sleep quickly.

Yes, Mommy.

So well behaved.

Mommy Pig and Daddy Pig are leaving for their evening out.

Peppa and George are so good.

They just fell asleep when Mommy Pig told them to.

This babysitting is easy.

George, George, are you awake?

What strange noises?

I wonder if we should check upstairs?

Peppa, George are you awake?

Well, i never fast asleep.

So it wasn't Peppa and George making all that noise.

I can't hear anything.

I think they really have fallen asleep.

Let's watch some televesion.

Gardening

Today we are talking about roses.

I love gardening programs.

The kiftsgate is a particularly thorny rose.

To prune it, start by lopping off the head, and the snip away the budding shoots.

Granny Pig, Peppa, George, You should be in bed asleep.

George and i aren't sleepy at all. Can we watch tv with you?

Well, i suppose watching a little tv might make you sleepy.

Icelandic Roses are a rare treat for the discerning horticulturist.

But they are prone to lobbing in temperate habitats.

This program is very boring.

Granda Pig, can we play that game where you throw up us and catch us?

Ok, but just one turn each.

You seem heavier than before.

Now it's George's turn.

My turn.

Higher, Higher.

Maybe Grandpa Pig is a bit tired.

I know, Granny Pig let's play catch.

You're it.

Catch us if you can.

Can't catch me.

I'm going to catch you.

Mommy Pig and Daddy Pig are back home.

I hope our little piggies are asleep.

Hello, anyone here?

The little piggies are asleep, and so are the big piggies.

