# Ballet Lesson

Peppa is going to her first ballet lesson.

This is Madame Gazelle, the ballet teacher.

Ah ho, you must be young Peppa.

I am Madame Gazelle.

Hello, Madame.

Oh, so sweet.

Welcome to your first lesson of the ballet.

I'll pick you up later.

Byebye.

Enjoy yourself.

Here are Peppa's friends, Candy Cat, Suzy Sheep, Danny Dog, Rebecca Rabbit and Pedro Pony.

Children, today we have a new pupil, Peppa Pig.

Now, Peppa, run and join your friends.

Hello, everyone.

Hello, Peppa.

Children, we'll begin with demi-plie.

Demi-plie.

Now, a little jump.

Petit-jete.

With grace and beauty.

Petit-jete.

Grace and beauty.

Petit-jete.

Grace and beauty.

Ballet lesson is a lot of fun.

Raise your arm.

Imagine that you're beautiful swans.

And what noise do you think a swan might make?

Grace and beauty.

Peppa loves dancing.

Everyone loves dancing.

Mommy, Mommy.

We all dance to swans.

Peppa did very well.

I had to dance beautifully and gracefully.

That's lovely.

Can i show you how i did it?

Let's get home first, then you can show Daddy Pig and George and me.

Bye bye.

Peppa and Mommy Pig are home.

Daddy, George.

I'm going to show you how to do ballet.

Is it difficult?

It was easy for me.

But you, George and Mommy will find it very hard.

First, we need music.

Good.

Now, George, Daddy and Mommy, you must copy what i do.

Madame Gazelle used funny words.

But really it's just bending your knees, and jumping.

Wow, it's Petit-jete.

Daddy, you know the funny words.

Mommy and i used to be quite good at ballet.

Do be careful, Daddy Pig.

Our favorite was the pas de deux.

Hoopla.

That was not quite how i remembered it.

Silly Daddy Pig.

Maybe we should leave the ballet to Peppa.

Yes. I'm the best at it.

I'm the beautiful swan.

