# Thunderstorm

It is a lovely, sunny day.

Peppa and George are having picnic.

Here's some orange juice for you, Teddy.

What do you say?

Thank you very much, Peppa.

You're welcom, Teddy.

Here's some orange juice for you, Mr. Dinosaur.

And what do you say?

Grrrrr.

You are very welcome, Mr. Dinosaur.

Would Teddy or Mr. Dinosaur like a cookie?

We're not very hungry.

So Peppa and George can eat all the cookies.

Thank you, Teddy.

What was that strange noise?

Peppa, George, quick, come inside the house.

Mommy, there was a loud "bang" sound.

It's thunder, Peppa.

It means there will be a thunderstorm with lots of rain.

Quick! Into the house before the rain starts.

No need to panic, the rain is still a long way off.

The sky is getting darker and darker.

There is going to be a thunderstorm.

Peppa, George, do you bring all your toys in from the garden?

Dinosaur.

Good, Mr. Dinosaur is safe.

Teddy, i left Teddy in the garden.

He'll get wet.

Don't worry, Peppa, Daddy Pig will rescue Teddy.

You'd better hurry, Daddy Pig.

It's just about to rain.

I know all about thunderstorms, it won't rain for ages.

As i thought, plenty of time before it rains.

Poor Teddy, he's soaking wet.

Year, poor Teddy, let's get him dry.

Poor Teddy.

There you are, Teddy, all dry.

What about poor Daddy? I'm soaking wet, too.

Oh, sorry, Daddy Pig, let's get you dry.

There you are, Daddy Pig.

Nice and dry.

The rain is coming in the house.

The floor is getting wet.

Oh dear, what can we do, Daddy Pig?

Don't worry, Daddy Pig is using a bucket to catch the drips.

Well done, Daddy Pig.

Easy as pie.

Err, What?

Quick, find something else to catch the water.

Well done, Peppa.

Easy as pie.

Mommy, the thunder bangs are very loud.

It's ok, children, don't be frightened.

Let's count between each flash and bang.

The higher we can count, the further away the thurderstorm is.

One, two, three.

That's three.

One, two, three, four, five.

That's five.

The thunderstorm is going away.

The thunderstorm is over.

Hurray.

The thunderstorm has filled the garden with muddy puddles.

Peppa loves jumping up and down in the muddy puddles.

Everyone loves jumping up and down in the muddy puddles.

I love thunderstorms , they make muddy puddles.

Splish, splash, splosh, splish.

