# Lunch

Peppa and George have come to Granny Pig, Grandpa Pig's house for lunch.

Granny Pig.

Gany Pig.

Hello, my little ones.

Would you like to pick some vegetables from the garden for lunch?

Yes, please.

Grandpa Pig.

Papa Ig.

Hello, Peppa, George.

This is Grandpa Pig's vegetable garden.

He has grown all these vegetables himself.

Grrrr.

What's it?

Dinosaur.

A dinosaur.

Let's choose some vegetables for lunch.

Peppa, do you like tomatoes?

Yes, Grandpa Pig.

George, do you like tomatoes?

No.

George does not like tomatoes.

Oh, dear.

Do you both like lettuce?

Yes, Grandpa Pig.

No.

George does not like lettuce.

Oh, dear.

I must have something that George likes.

Do you like cucumber?

Yuck.

George does not like cucumber. And he does not like lettuce, and he does not like tomatoes.

Well, George, what vegetables do you like?

Chocolate cake.

Silly George, Chocolate cake isn't vegetable.

Maybe George will like the vegetables when they are made into a lovely salad.

Oh, lovely fresh tomatoes, lettuce, and cucumber.

First, we have to wash them.

Peppa and George help Granny Pig wash the vegetables.

Maybe that's enough washing.

Granny Pig has made the tomatoes, lettuce and cucumber into a salad.

Grandpa Pig, can you call everyone for lunch?

Lunch

Granny Pig has made pizza for lunch.

And here is some salad made with Grandpa's tomatoes, lettuce and cucumber.

Chuck in, everyone.

George has eaten his pizza.

But George does not like the tomatoes or the lettuce or the cucumber.

Oh, dear, George. Don't you like the salad?

No.

George, just try a little bit of this lovely tomatoe.

Yuck.

George, this is cucumber, Grandpa Pig grew it in his garden.

Urgh.

Try a piece of lettuce, George. It's yummy.

Oh, now, now, George.

Look what i'm doing.

Now, it's a dinosaur.

Dinosaur.

Grrr.

George loves dinosaru.

George is eating the tomatoes, lettuce and cucumber.

Well done, George.

Would you like some more, George?

Full.

George, are you too full to eat anymore tomatoes lettuce or cucumber?

George is too full to eat anymore.

George, are you too full to eat anything more?

George is too full to eat anything more.

Oh, well. then you won't want any of this chocolate cake?

Chocolate cake.

My word, George seems to have got his appetite back.



