# Camping

Peppa and her family are going for camping.

I love camping.

We're here.

Peppa, George, this is the tent i had when i was a little boy.

Daddy, how are you going to make that into a tent?

Don't worry, i'm an expert at camping.

Mommy Pig, put the tent on the poles, please.

That's it, easy as pie.

Do these pegs do anything?

Of course, i forgot about the pegs.

The pegs hold the tent up.

There.

The tent is a bit little.

It was big enough for me when i was a boy.

But it does look a bit small now.

That's because you've grown a bit since you were a boy, Daddy Pig.

And your tummy has grown the most of all.

Talking of tummies, we should cook supper.

Yes, Yes.

First, we have to collect sticks to make a fire.

Peppa and George are helping Daddy Pig's collect sticks for the campfire.

George, i'll pick up the sticks, and you can carry them.

Collecting sticks is fun.

Good, that's enough sticks.

That's a splendid campfire. Now i'll light it.

Here are the matches.

We don't need matches.

Daddy, how can you light it without matches?

I'm going to make fire the old way, by simply rubbing these two sticks together.

Daddy Pig is rubbing the two sticks toghther to light the campfire.

Where is the fire, Daddy?

Nearly there.

Hurray.

Easy as pie.

Now we can heat up the tomatoes soup.

Ahhhh. Listen to the sounds of nature.

What's that sound?

That is the sound of crickets chirping.

What is that?

That's an owel. Look, there it is.

And what's that noise?

Oh, i'm not sure.

It's Daddy's tummy.

My tummy rumbling is the one of the best sounds of nature.

It means it's time to eat.

I love tomato soup.

So do i.

There's another one of Daddy Pig's sounds of nature.

Eh, what?

Come on, children, into the tent, it's bedtime.

We won't all fit in. The tent is too little.

It'll be fine. In you go.

Move further in, Mommy Pig.

Daddy, you're too big for the tent.

Never mind. I'd rather sleep outside anyway.

Goodnight, Daddy Pig.

Goodnight, Daddy.

Goodnight, everyone.

Mommy Pig, Peppa and George are sleeping in the tent.

Daddy Pig are sleeping outside, under the stars.

I love camping. Sleeping in the open air with starts above me.

Maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all.

It is morning.

Daddy, it was lovely and cozy in the tent.

Oh, where's Daddy?

Daddy Pig has gone.

Poor Daddy Pig.

He must have been cold and wet.

And now where is he?

What's that sound?

It sounds like snoring.

Daddy Pig.

What?

Daddy. You're safe.

Of course, i'm safe.

I'm an expert at camping.

I slept in the car.

Silly Daddy.

I love camping.

