# Very Hot Day

The sun is shinning, it's a very hot day.

What a lovely hot day!

Peppa and George are wearing their boots.

They're going to jump in muddy puddles.

I love muddy puddles.

Oh, dear, the sun is so ho that the puddles have dried up.

Mommy, Daddy, the puddles are all dry and we can't jump in them.

Never mind, Peppa.

It's so sunny.

You can play in the paddling pool instead.

Yes, the paddling pool.

First, you have to change into your swimming costumes.

Yes, Mommy.

Peppa and George are wearing their swimming costumes.

Mommy Pig is wearing her swimming costume.

And Daddy Pig is wearing his swimming costume.

Because it's so hot, you need sun cream.

It's all oily and yucky.

Yuck.

What a fuss about nothing.

Yes, we all need sun cream today.

Come on, George.

Let's get some air into this paddling pool.

Daddy Pig is pumping up the paddling pool.

Easy as pie.

Peppa holds the hose and Mommy Pig turns on the water.

Where's the water?

Peppa and George love their paddling pool.

Ice cream, Ice cream.

Mrs. Rabbit. The ice cream lady.

Ice cream.

On very hot days, Mrs. Rabbit sells ice cream.

Mommy, Daddy, can George and i have an ice cream, please?

Oh, well, i suppose it is a especially hot day.

Please, can I have one as well?

Everyone likes ice cream.

Hello, Mommy Pig, Peppa and George.

Hello, Mrs. Rabbit.

What ice cream would you like?

Can i have a cone, please, Mrs. Rabbit?

Of course, you may, Peppa.

Thank you.

The same for me and one for Daddy Pig, please.

And what would young Mr. George like?

Dinosaur.

A dinosaur?

Silly George.

He always says "dinosaur" for everything.

It just so happens that i do have a dinosaur shaped ice-lolly.

Dinosaur, Grrrr.

George, you should eat your ice-lolly before it melts.

Dinosaur.

George loves his dinosaur ice-lolly so much, he doesn't want to eat it.

Thank you, Mrs. Rabbit.

Enjoy the weather.

George, i really think you should eat your ice-lolly before it melts and falls on the ground.

Oh, dear, George's dinosaur ice-lolly has melted and fallen on the ground.

Never mind, George, you can share Daddy's ice cream.

I'm sure he won't mind.

It is so warm. Daddy Pig has fallen asleep.

Daddy Pig does look hot.

Let's tip water on Daddy to cool him down.

Good idea, Peppa.

 What happened?

You were all red and hot, Daddy Pig.

So we tipped water on you.

Oh, i see, thank you, Peppa.

Look, the puddles are back.

Quick, George. let's get on boots.

Peppa and George are wearing their boots.

Peppa and George love the hot day.

BUt most of all, they love jumping up and down in puddles.

