# Fancy Dress Party

Peppa and George are having a fancy dress party.

All their friends are invited.

Peppa is dressed a fairy princess.

And George is dressed a dinosaur.

DInosaur.

Here are Peppa's friends. Candy Cat, Suzy Sheep, Danny Dog,  Rebecca Rabbit and Pedro Pony.

Suzy is wearing her nurse's costume.

Hello, Suzy.

Hello, Mr.Pig.

I'm glad the nurse has arrived.

Have you just come from the hospital?

I'm not a real nurse, it's just pretend.

Very good.

My, My, who have we here?

I'm a pirate. Shiver me timbers.

I'm a witch, i can turn you into a frog.

I'm a clown.

That's funny.

What are you, Rebecca Rabbit?

I'm a carrot.

Fantastic, Come in.

There is a fairy princess and a dinosaur waiting to meet you,

Hello, everyone.

Hello, Peppa.

 Hello, Suzy, i'm princess Peppa.

You must bow when you speak to me.

Hello, your majesty.

I'm Suzy, open wide and say "ah".

I'm a clown.

Do something funny.

Rebecca, why are you dressed as a carrot?

I love carrot.

Dinosaur.

A scary dinosaur.

Peppa is admiring herself in the mirror.

Mirror, mirror, on the wall.

Who is the fairest of them all?

You are, Peppa.

Hello, Peppa.

Hello, I'm a little fairy princess.

I'm a witch and i've got a magic wand.

I've got a magic wand, too.

I can turn you into a frog.

And i'll turn you into a frog.

Dinosaur.

Oh, dear, George is scared of his own reflection.

Oh, silly George. Look, it's you in the mirror.

Grrrr.

Children, it's time to decide who has the best fancy dress costume.

We need a judge.

Me, Me, Me.

As it's Peppa's party, maybe she should be the judge.

I'm the judge, i'm the judge.

Daddy, what's the judge?

The judge decides who has the best costume.

Oh, goody.

 Peppa is going to choose who has the best costume.

Suzy, can i see your costume, please?

I'm nurse Suzy, i make people better.

Very good nurse, Suzy.

Now, Danny.

I'm a pirate. Shiver me timbers.

Now, Candy.

I'm a witch, I can turn you into a frog.

Oh, i'm a fairy princess and i can turn you into a frog.

Children, children.

Sorry, Mommy.

Who's next?

I'm a clown.

That's funny.

And Rebecca?

I'm a carrot.

Lovely.

And my little brother George is a scary dinosaur.

Everyone's costume is very good.

Hurray.

Now, you say who the winner is.

Oh, and the wineer is .... me.

Peppa, you can't pick yourself.

You are the judge.

Can't i?

You have to pick another winner.

Ok, the carrot wins.

Thank you.

Peppa loves fancy dress parties.

Everyone loves fancy dress parties.

