# The Museum

Peppa and her family are going to the museum.

Daddy, what is the museum?

It's a place full of interesting thing that are very old.

Older than you?

Yes, even older than me.

Oh, really old.

There is one room full of things that belong to kings and queens from long ago.

I want to see the king and queen's room.

And there is another room with a real dinosaur.

Wow, dinosaur.

Hello, Mommy Pig.

Hello, Miss Rabbit.

How many tickets, please?

Two adults, and two children.

Dinosaur.

And a dinosaur.

Peppa wants to see the room full of things that belong to kings and queens from long ago.

Dinosaur?

But George wants to see the real dinosaur.

Don't worry, George, we'll see the dinosaur next.

Peppa, these are all the things that queen had long time ago.

This is the queen's special chair.

It's called a throne.

It's beautiful.

This is the queen's dress.

It's so pretty.

Look, Peppa, this is the queen's golden crown.

Wow, what lovely things.

Mommy, where is the queen's television?

They didn't have television then.

Oh, no television?

But they did have computer?

No, they didn't have computer, either.

What did they do all day?

Mommy, if i was the queen, i would eat as much cake as i wanted.

Peppa imagines being a queen.

Emmm, delicious.

Is there anything else you would care for, Queen Peppa?

Yes, more cake, please.

Of course.

Come on, everyone.

Coming, Daddy.

Daddy, i'm Queen Peppa.

You must bow when you speak to me.

Oh, i most terribly sorry, your royal highness.

And what do you do?

I'm your Daddy.

That must be very interesting.

Yes, it's very interesting.

And what room is this?

This is the dinosaur room.

The dinosaur room?

George, this is the dinosaur room.

Dinosaur.

Where is the dinosaur?

He's somewhere in the room.

I can't see him.

He must be very small.

Actually, Peppa, he is very big.

Wow.

These are the bones of a real dinosaur.

Dinosaur.

George imagines being a big dinosaur.

Ahhhh, it's a dinosaur.

Help, Help.

The dinosaur room is George's favorite room.

My favorite room is the king and queen's room.

And it looks as if Daddy Pig is already in his favorite room.

Which room is that, Mommy?

The room with the cakes in.

Daddy's favorite room is the museum cafe.

Come on, tuck in.

Oh, yes, this is a very nice room.