# The Sleepy Princess

It is night time.

Peppa and George are going to bed.

Good night, Peppa and George.

Mommy, Daddy.

Yes, Peppa.

I'm not sleepy.

Can i have a story?

But maybe George is sleepy and doesn't want a story.

George, do you want a story? Say yes.

Alright, i'll tell you just one story.

If Daddy Pig tells you a story, you must both promise to go to sleep.

We promise.

I think i'll tell you the story of The Sleepy Princess.

Is it a good story?

It sounds a bit boring.

It's not boring, it's very good.

Is there a little princess in it?

Peppa, if you keep talking, Daddy Pig can't start the story.

 Sorry, Mommy.

Is there a little princess in the story, Daddy?

Yes, there is a little princess in it.

Emmm, the sleepy princess.

Once upon a time, in a castle, there lived a little princess.

And she was called the sleepy princess.

Daddy, why was she called that?

I'll get to that later.

Was the sleepy princess pretty?

Yes, she was very pretty. She loved looking at herself in the mirror.

I am so pretty.

Who else was living in the castle?

Err, well.

The others in the castle were the small prince, Queen Mommy, King Daddy.

That's right.

They were all living there as well.

Did King Daddy have a big tummy?

Of course not, he was very handsome, like me.

Anyway, there was also a dragon.

Dinosaur.

A dinosaur? Oh, yes. It wasn't a dragon.

It was a dinosaur.

Living outside was a huge fierce dinosaur.

Oh dear, maybe the dinosaur wasn't quite that fierce, Daddy Pig.

Sorry, George.

No, the dinosaur was very gentle.

It ate lots of grass.

Daddy Pig.

Oh, sorry.

I was being the dinosaur.

Daddy, why is the princess called the sleepy princess?

I'm coming to that.

You see, the sun set.

And the stars and moon came out.

And everyone got very sleepy.

But the most sleepy of all was the sleepy princess.

Peppa are you sleepy?

No, Daddy, i'm not sleepy at all.

But somebody is.

George, wake up. You'll miss the end of the story.

Well, Peppa might not be sleepy.

But the Sleepy Princess certainly was.

Looking at herself all the in the mirror had completely worn her out.

Let's carry you to bed.

Goodnight.

The Sleepy Princess was so sleepy.

She had fallen fast asleep.

Thank you for that story, King Daddy.

You're welcome, Queen Mommy.

And our little prince and princess enjoyed it, too. 