# Chole's Puppet Show

Peppa and her family are visiting Uncle Pig and Aunty pig and Cousin Chole.

I expect Uncle Pig will fall asleep after lunch like he always does.

Daddy Pig, you shouldn't say such things about your own brother.

Especially in front of the childre.

But it's true, Uncle Pig always eats too much lunch and falls asleep, snoring loudly.

Like this.

Err, Peppa, George, forget what i just said about Uncle Pig.

Okay, Daddy.

Peppa and her family have arrived at Uncle Pig and Aunty Pig's house.

Hello, Aunty Pig and Uncle Pig.

Hello.

Hello everyone.

Hello, big brother.

Uncle Pig is Daddy pig's brother.

Chole Pig is Peppa and George's cousin.

Hello, Chole.

Hello, Peppa, Hello George.

I want to show you something.

Wait for us.

This is my new puppet theater.

My Daddy made it for me.

Wow.

I've made two puppets already.

This one is called Chole.

Hello, I'm Chole Pig.

And this one is my Daddy.

Uncle Pig.

Hello, Peppa, I'm Uncle Pig.

Chole, can me and George make puppets too?

Yes.

Chole paints the puppet's eyes.

Can i do the mouth?

Ok.

My name is Peppa.

George, what puppet would you like to make?

Dinosaur.

A dinosaur?

George always says dinosaur for everything.

Ok, a scary dinosaur puppet.

Chole is making George a dinosaur puppet.

It needs pointy teeth.

There, a scary dinosaur.

Lunch time, everyone.

Coming.

After lunch, we'll do a puppet show.

Hurray.

Aunty Pig has made spaghetti fou lunch.

This spaghetti is delicious.

Best spaghetti ever.

You can tell you two are brothers.

Alike in everyway.

What do you mean?

We are completely different.

Peppa, George and I are going to do a puppet show.

Fantastic, call us when you're ready.

See you later.

A puppet show? That sounds fun.

Have i got time for some more spaghetti?

Could i have some more too?

The puppet show is about to begin.

Hello, my name is Chole.

And i'm Peppa.

Grrrr.

Ahhhhhh, it's a dinosaur.

A scary dinosaur.

I say. That's very good.

Bravo.

I'm Uncle Pig.

Hello, Uncle Pig.

Hello, Peppa.

It looks just like you.

I think they've made my tummy a bit big.

 I did enjoy my lunch.

Uncle Pig, are you going to fall asleep, and snore like you always do?

What do you mean?

Daddy says you always fall asleep, and snore loudly, like this.

Your Daddy's right.

I do snore like this.

Oh, Daddy Pig.

You shouldn't have said those things about Uncle Pig.

I don't think Daddy Pig or Uncle Pig can hear you.

Daddy Pig and Uncle Pig have fallen asleep.

You can tell they are brothers.

What happened?

Has the puppet show started yet?

