# Tidying Up

Peppa and George are in their bedroom playing with their toys.

George, let's play dollies and dinosaurs.

What is that? It looks like a horrible monster.

Dinosaur, grrr.

Ahhhh, it's a dinosaur.

Help, Help. Help, Help.

Daddy Pig is in sitting room reading his newspaper. Mommy Pig is reading her book.

What are they doing?

Help, Help.

Grrrr.

Peppa, George, what's going on?

What's all this noise?

Help.

What on earth is going on?

What a lot of noise?

And look at all this mess on the floor, someone could trip over and hurt themselves.

Someone did trip over and hurt themselves.

Oh, dear, poor Daddy Pig.

Come on, children, let's do a bit of tidying up.

But, Mommy, We're playing dollies and dinosaurs.

You can play again when you've tidied up.

But it's all George's mess.

Is it really?

So this must be one of George's lovely dresses.

No.

Well maybe some of the mess is mine.

Right, i'll help George tidy and Mommy Pig can help Peppa.

We can have a race.

Girls against boys.

Good idea, let's see who can tidy up first.

Ready? Steady? Go.

We're winning.

No, you're not.

There.

Oh, what's this?

Teddy, i've been looking for you.

Quick, Peppa. Put Teddy in your toy basket.

There. Now these books.

Lovely.

What do we have here?

Dinosaur.

That's right, it's a dinosaur book.

It's George's pop-up dinosaur book.

This is a tyrannosaurus rex.

Tyrannosaurus rex.

That's right.

Oh, this is a brontosaurus.

Brontosaurus.

Yes.

And this is triceratops.

Triceratops

Well done, George.

George loves dinosaurs.

Daddy, George, you've stopped tidying up, you'll lose the race.

Oh, yes, the race, come on, George.

Put this back on the bookshelf.

Daddy, you're very slow at tidying up, Mommy and i are going to win.

No, we're going to win.

We win.

No, we win.

We all win.

Look how tidy the room is.

Hurray.

What a tidy room.

Well done, everyone.

Mommy, now that we've tidied our room, can we play dollies and dinosaurs again?

Yes, you can carry on with your game now.

Yippee.

Where are my dolls? where is Mr. Dinosaur.

Here they are.

Dinosaur.

Ahhhh, it's a dinosaur. Help, Help.

Oh, dear, the room is untidy again.

Well. At least it was tidy for a bit.

















