# The Playground

Peppa and George are at the playground with their friends.

Candy Cat and Pedro Pony are on the climbing frame.

Suzy Sheep, Danny Dog and Rebecca Rabit are playing on the slide.

Peppa is playing on the swing.

Mommy, Mommy, push me, please.

Are you ready?

Yes, i want to go realy high.

Higher, Mommy.

George wants to play on the swing.

Now, it's your turn, George.

Hold tight.

I want to push George.

Push George gently, Peppa.

Yes, Mommy.

Hold tight, George.

Oh dear, Peppa has pushed George too high.

George doesn't like being up high.

Peppa, you know George is a bit scared of heights.

Sorry, George.

Let's play on the climbing frame.

Hello, Suzy, Hello Danny.

Hello, Peppa.

You're doing it all wrong. This is the proper way to swing across.

Stand back, Ready, Steady, Go.

Look at me, i'm flying like a bird.

Oh, i can't get out.

Peppa is stuck in the tire.

It's not funny.

Well it does look a bit funny.

We'll have to pull you out.

Peppa's friends are helping to free her.

Hurray.

Thank you everyone.

George, do you want to play on the climbing frame?

The climbing frame is quite high.

George doesn't like being up high.

Sorry, George, let's play on the slide.

Yes, the slide.

Peppa loves the slide.

Everyone loves the slide.

Mommy, Daddy, look at me.

Ready, steady, go.

George wants to play on the slide.

Are you sure? George.

It is a bit high.

Alright, i'll help you up the steps.

Oh dear, it is a bit too high for George.

Don't worry, George.

I'll slide down with you.

Daddy, you are too big to go down the slide.

Don't be silly, Peppa, i'm not too big.

Stand back, ready, steady, go.

Daddy Pig is stuck.

It's not funny.

It looks very funny, Daddy.

I suppose it is a bit funny.

We'll have to push you down.

Daddy's tummy is just like a bouncy castle.

George loves bouncing on Daddy's tummy.

George isn't afraid of heights anymore.