# Daddy Puts up a Picture

Mommy Pig and Daddy Pig have a new picture of Peppa and George.

We should put this lovely new picture on the wall.

Leave it to me.

I'm the DIY expert of the house.

Are you sure you can do it?

Of course, i'll just put a nail in the wall and hang the picture on it.

Very good, i'm just off to visit Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig.

I'll see you later.

And please don't make a mess.

Mess?

Bye.

Goodbye.

Daddy, can we help put up the picture?

You can watch and then you'll learn how to do it properly.

First, i need a tape measure, and a pencil.

That is where i'm going to put the nail.

Don't break the wall, Daddy.

Now i need a hammer and a nail.

Stand back, children, and watch a craftsman at work.

Daddy Pig is going to knock the nail into the wall.

Don't break the wall, Daddy.

Don't be silly, Peppa.

Easy as pie.

Oh, It's not meant to do that.

Daddy Pig has made a big crack in the wall.

Oh, Daddy, you've broken the wall.

It's just a tiny crack.

The picture will hide it.

There.

I can still see the crack. Daddy.

Yes, I'll just take the nail out and fill in the crack?

Don't make a mess, Daddy.

Don't be silly, Peppa.

It's comming out.

Oh, Daddy, now you really have broken the wall.

Do you think Mommy will notice?

Yes, I think she might.

Quich, George.

What are they doing?

Daddy, we can see you.

Daddy Pig has to mend the all before Mommy Pig comes home.

Brick, please.

First, Daddy Pig fills the hole with bricks.

There.

Next, Daddy Pig puts plaster over the bricks.

Easy as pie.

Then Daddy Pig paints the wall.

Good as new.

The wall is mended.

Hurray.

But look at all the mess they have made.

Goodness me.

We'd better clean up before Mommy Pig comes back.

First, Daddy Pig quickly washes Peppa and George.

Then Peppa vacuums the floor.

And Daddy Pig tidies up the tools.

Mommy.

Mommy Pig is home.

Mommy.

Mommy is here.

Quick, Pretend nothing has happened.

Hello.

Hello.

What have you been doing?

Oh, Nothing.

Yes, I can see you've been doing nothing. And I thought you were going to put the picture up.

In all the excitement, Daddy Pig has forgotten to put the picture up.

Oh.

Well, I'm no expert, but i'm sure it's quite easy.

There.

Yes, that did look quite easy.

But when you did it, Daddy, it looked really hard.

Shhh, Peppa, don't tell anyone.













