# At the Beach

Peppa and her family are going to beach.

Peppa and George love going to the beach.

What a lot of stuff.

We must be careful not to forget anything when we go.

Sunshade, beach bag, towels, buckets and spades, and a spotty ball.

Good, now before you start playing, you need some sun cream on.

The sun is very hot.

So Peppa and George have to had sun cream on.

Let's try out this spotty ball.

It seems to work.

What a great spotty ball.

George, you throw the ball and i'll catch it.

George, catch.

Oh dear, George is too little to catch the ball.

Never mind, George.

Would you and George like to have a paddle in the sea?

Yes, please, Daddy.

Let's put your water wings on.

There you go.

You are very smart in your water wings, George.

My turn, my turn.

Good, now we can play in the water.

Is the water cold?

It's lovely and warm.

Steady on.

You started it, Daddy Pig.

Maybe that's enough splashing.

Daddy, i love being at the beach.

Peppa and George love the beach.'

Everyone loves the beach.

Peppa, George, would you like to play with your buckets and spades?

Yes, please, Mommy.

Daddy, Daddy can we burry you in the sand?

Oh, well.

Please, Daddy.

Oh, all lright.

Yippee.

Peppa and George are burying Daddy in the sand.

Steady on.

There.

Now you can't escape.

My headI is getting a bit hot.

Can i have my straw hat?

Well, if you say please.

Please can i have my straw hat?

Yes, you may, Daddy.

That's nice.

Maybe i'll just have a little sleep.

George, let's make sand castles.

Peppa and George are making sand castles.

First,  we put sand in the buckets. Like this.

We turn the buckets upside down and tap them and lift the bucket up.

Hey presto.

A sand castle.

Hey presto.

Another sand castle.

Peppa, George, home time.

Don't leave any stuff behind.

Let's check that we haven't forgotten anything.

Towels, beach bag, sunshade, and a spotty ball.

That's everything.

I'm sure we've forgotten something.

Hmm.

Of course, we forgot the hat.

Daddy. We forgotten Daddy.

Yes. We forgotten Daddy Pig.

Errr, what?

Daddy, we almost let you behind, but George remembered you.

Well, I'm glad George remembered me.





