# Mister Skinnylegs

Peppa is playing with her doll's house, George is playing too.

Peppa is making a tea party for the doll family.

Hear, George, i'm the Mommy and Daddy, you can be the children.

Children, it's nearly tea time, so you must wash your hands.

Geroge is putting the dolls to bed.

Night night.

George, why are you putting the children to bed?

There are having a tea party.

George likes putting the dolls to bed.

Childre, come down stairs right now, or you will not get any cake.

George isn't listening. He is too busy putting the dolls to bed.

George, if you want to play my doll's house, you have to help the tea party.

Here, George, you can fill the teapot with water.

Children, come down stairs right now.

Mommy, we're coming.

George is going to fill the teapot with water.

George has found a spider in the sink.

George wants the spider to be his friend.

George likes the spider.

The spider likes George.

Peppa loves playing tea parties.

Where are all the chocolate biscuits, Daddy. We had lots yesterday.

Oh, i'm sorry, Mommy.

I must have eaten them all.

Naughty Daddy.

George is putting the spider to bed.

Night, night.

George, what are you doing?

You have to help me with the tea party?

Help, Help.

Daddy, there is a spider in my bedroom.

Don't worry, Peppa.

Please, Daddy, take it away.

No need to panic.

Hello, George, have you seen the spider?

It's too scary, take it away.

There is no need to be afraid, Peppa.

Spiders are very very small, and they can't hurt you...

But, don't worry, Daddy will take it out of the bedroom.

Woah, He's quite big, isn't he?

Ummm, I'll just fetch Mommy Pig.

Mommy Pig.

Hello, Mister Skinnylegs.

Peppa feels a little bit braver.

He likes being in my doll's house.

Hello, children, I hear you've found a little spider.

I'll take him out of the bedroom, so you two can play.

Mommy, his name is Mister Skinnylegs.

Mister Skinnylegs is big, isn't he?

Peppa and George like the spider.

Night, night.

George is putting the spider to bed.

No, George, he wants some tea.

He doesn't want to be in bed.

Are you hungry, Mister Skinnylegs?

Would you like some cake?

Peppa isn't afraid of the spider anymore.

Mommy, Daddy, sit down.

We're all going to have a tea with Mister Skinnylegs.

Who wants tea?

Me, please, me, please.

Delicious.

Peppa loves playing tea parties.

Here's your tea, Mister Skinnylegs.

What's that?

You want to say hello to my Daddy?

Hello, Mister Daddy Pig.

That's all right, Peppa.

Let Mister Skinnylegs drink his tea.

You are not scared, are you Daddy?

Oh, no of course not.

Not so close.

Peppa likes Mister Skinnylegs.

Everyone likes Mister Skinnylegs.











