# Grandpa Pig's boat

Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig are taking Peppa and George out for a day on the river.

Welcom aboard, me hearties.

Peppa, Geroge let's put your life jackets on.

When Peppa and George are on Grandpa Pig's boat, they must wear life jackets.

On this boat, i'm the captain.

Aye aye, captain.

Aye aye, captain.

When captain Grandpa tells you all to do something, you must do it.

Unless it's something silly.

Captain Grandpa never says anything silly.

Of course not, captain Grandpa.

George, raise the flag.

Peppa, ring the bell.

Aye aye, captain.

Granny Pig, take the wheel.

Aye aye, captain.

Full sail.

Full sail.

Maybe you should go a little slower, Grandpa Pig.

Good idea, Granny Pig.

I don't want to use up all my petrol.

Grandpa, i like it when we went fast.

Don't worry, Peppa, we'll go fast later.

Look, there is another boat.

Here is Granddad Dog, He is taking Danny Dog out for a day on the river.

Ahoy there, Granddad Dog.

Ahoy there, Grandpa Pig.

Hello, Danny.

Hello, Peppa.

Granddad Dog is Grandpa Pig's very best friend.

I'm surprised your boat is still afloat, Granddad Dog, it must be almost as old as you are.

This old boat can go faster than your rusty bucket any day, Grandpa Pig.

All right, you old sea dog, race you.

Prepare to lose, water hog.

You two are acting like little children.

Granddad Dog called me a water hog.

You called him a sea dog first, Grandpa, you should say sorry.

Only if he says sorry first.

Granddad, say sorry to Grandpa Pig. He is your best friend.

No, he is a water hog, and my boat is faster than his.

All right, sea dog, let's race to the next bridge.

On the count of three.

One, two, go.

You started too soon.

Catch me if you can, water hog.

Sea dog.

Is that as fast as you can go?

Can't catch me.

I win.

Oh, dear, Grandpa Pig's boat has run out of petrol.

Very clever, captain Grandpa.

Maybe i did go a bit too fast.

How will we get home?

Look, there's Granddad Dog.

Granddad Dog can tow us home.

I'm not being towed by that sea dog.

I have not offered to tow the water hog.

Will you two ever grow up.

Grandpa, say sorry to Granddad Dog.

I'm sorry, i called you a sea dog.

Granddad, say sorry to Grandpa Pig.

I'm sorry, i called you a water hog.

That's nice.

Granddad Dog, would you be so kind as to tow us home?

It would be my pleasure, Madam.

Catch this, captain.

Aye aye, skipper.

Granddad Dog is Grandpa Pis's very best friend.

Granddad Dog is towing Grandpa Pig' boat home.

The main thing is i won the race.

Grandpa Pig.

Naughty Grandpa Pig.

Peppa, ring the bell.

Aye aye, captain Grandpa.

