# My Birthday Party

It's Peppa's birthday.

It is very early in the morning.

It's my birthday.

George, wake up, it's my birthday.

I'm going to have a party, and daddy is doing a magic show.

Quick, George, let's wake Mommy and Daddy up.

Mommy Pig and Daddy Pig are still falling asleep.

Wake up, it's my birthday.

Wake up.

What time is it?

Very late.

It's five o'clock in the morning.

Yes, the whole day is going.

Okay, let's get your birthday party.

Yippee.

Mommy Pig, Daddy Pig and George are giving Peppa her birthday present.

Happy birthday, Peppa.

Oh, what's it?

A doll's dress. I can put it on Teddy.

Thank you, everyone.

You're welcom, Peppa.

I didn't know Teddy was a girl teddy.

Oh, Daddy, of couse Teddy is a girl.

I love my new dress, thank you everyone.

You're welcome, Teddy, Don't get it dirty.

Do you know what's happening next, Peppa?

My friends are coming for my birthday party.

And Daddy is doing a magic show.

No one will know the magician is your Daddy.

You will introduce me as The Amazing Mysterio.

The Mazy Mistio.

Yes, the Amazing Mysterio.

Daddy Pig has been practicing his magic tricks all week.

My friends are here, yippee.

Here are Peppa's friends, Candy Cat, Suzy Sheep, Dany Dog, Rebecca Rabit, and Pedro Pony.

Hello, everyone.

Happy birthday, Peppa.

Come on, children, the party is starting.

Daddy Pig is going to do a magic show.

Peppa, remember what you have to say?

Ladies and gentlemen, introducing The Amazing Mysterio.

Ok, Daddy.

Ladies and gentlemen, it's Magic Daddy.

For my first trick,.....

Wow, it's Teddy.

For my next trick, i need a helper from the audience.

Me, me, me, me.

I just need one.

Young lady, you put your hand up first.

Can you tell the audience your name?

Suzy Sheep.

Ok, Suzy, here are three balls.

A red one, a blue one and a yellow one.

Ok.

You have to secretly choose one while my bace is turned.

Ok.

Have you chosen one?

Yes.

You chosen yellow.

No.

Blue.

No.

Red.

Yes.

It is red.

Hurrah.

Silly magic Daddy.

You said all three colours.

Shush, Peppa, don't tell anyone.

Would you like one more trick?

Yes, please.

Close your eyes. No looking, say the magic words.

Open your eyes.

Hurray.

My banana birthday cake.

Blow the candles out, Peppa.

Hurrah.

Happy birthday, Peppa.

Thank you everyone.

This is my best birthday ever.