# School Play

Peppa's playgroup are going to put on a play.

The Little Red Riding Hood.

Hurray.

All the children have parts this play. 

They have to practice at home.

Peppa is going to be Little Red Riding Hood.

Mommy Pig has made her costume.

Daddy Pig is helping Peppa practice.

Ok, Peppa, what do you say?

I am Little Red Riding Hood.

Very good, then what?

I'm going to visit my Grandma.

I'm going to visit my Grandma.

Bravo, Pepp.

Danny Dog is going to play the BIg Bad Wolf.

Granddad Dog and Mommy Dog are helping him practice.

I'm the Big Bad Wolf.

Try not to lought, Danny.

You should be a bit scarier.

Try it like this, Danny.

I'm the Big Bad Wolf.

I'm going to eat you all up.

You see?

Yes, that was really scary.

Pedro Pony is going to play the Hunter

He will rescue Peppa from the Big Bad Wolf.

I'm the Hunter.

And..

Pedor is a bit shy.

You say, i'm going to chase you away, you Big Bad Wolf.

And go away, naughty wolf.

Very good, Pedro.

Rebecca Rabbit is going to be the Grandma.

What do i say, Mommy?

Let's see.

At the start of the play, you get locked in a cupboard by the Big Bad Wolf.

Then right at the end of the play, you are rescued by the Hunter, and you say, Thank you.

Thank you.

Very good, Rebecca.

Everyone has come to see the school play.

Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our play.

The Little Red Riding Hood.

First, let's meet the actors.

Please, please, for the sake of the actors, no photography, please.

And now, our play begins.

Grandma is at home.

But who is this visitor?

I'm the Big Bad Wolf.

Well done, Danny.

Oh, dear, Danny has forgotten what he says next.

Grandma, you must go in the cupboard.

Go in the cupboard.

The Big Bad Wolf is pretending to be Grandma.

I'm Little Red Riding Hood, i'm going to visit my Grandma.

Bravo, Peppa.

Daddy, you must no take photos.

Opps, sorry, Peppa. Carry on.

I'm going to visit my Grandma.

Oh, you don't look my Grandma.

What big eyes you have.

What big teeth you have.

You're not Grandma, you are the Big Bad Wolf.

Help, help.

 But look who is here, just in time, Pedro the Hunter.

Help, oh help.

Just in time, Pedro the Hunter.

Pedro is a bit shy.

Pedro, would you like me to come on with you?

Yes, please.

You're a very naughty wolf.

I've saved you, Grandma.

Hurray.

Thank you.

Bravo. Well done.

Pedro, you were very good.

You were almost as good as me.







