# Daddy Loses His Glasses

Daddy Piggy wears glasses.

He need to wear glassess to see clearly.

When Daddy Piggy wears his glasses,  everythings looks fine.

But when Daddy Piggy takes his glassess off, he can't see things clearly.

Everything looks a bit soft and fuzzy.

So, it is very impoart that Daddy Piggy knows where his glasses are.

Sometime, Daddy Piggy loses his glasses.

Peppa, George, have you seen Daddy Piggy's glasses?

He can't find them anywhere.

No, Mommy.

George and Peppa do not know where Daddy's glasses are.

Oh, dear.

Daddy Piggy can't see a thing without them and it makes him very grumpy.

Without his glasses on, Daddy Piggy can't read his newspaper.

This is ridiculous, i can't see anything.

Somebody must have put my glasses somethere.

Do you remember where you last put them, Daddy Pig?

When i don't wear them, i always put them in my pocket, but they aren't there now.

Daddy, can we help find your glasses?

Good idea, peppa.

If you find them, Daddy will stop being so grumpy.

I am not grumpy.

Peppa and George are looking for Daddy's glasses.

Peppa looks under the newspaper.

But Daddy's glasses are not there.

George looks on top of the television.

But Daddy pig's glasses are not there.

Lets' look upstairs in Mommy and Daddy's bedroom.

Peppa and Georga are looking in Daddy and Mommy's bedroom.

George, be careful not to knock anything over.

It's not funny.

Peppa looks under the pillows, but Daddy's glasses are not there.

George looks Daddy's slipper, but the glasses are not there either.

Lets' look in the bathroom.

Peppa and George are looking in the bathroom.

The glasses are not in the bath.

The glasses are not in the toilet.

It's too difficult.

Peppa and George can't find Daddy Pig's glasses anywhere.

We've looked everywhere, but we can't find Daddy's glasses.

Oh, dear, now what can we do?

I suppose i'll just have to learn to do without them.

If i move slowly, i won't bump into things.

There they are, Daddy's glasses.

Daddy Pig, you are sitting on them all the time.

Silly Daddy.

I don't know how they got there.

I wonder how.

Well, you may have been a bit silly, Daddy Pig.

But at least you're not grumpy anymore.

I was not grumpy.

