# Muddy puddles

I am Peppa pig. This is my little brother Geroge. This is Mummy pig. And this is Daddy pig.

Muddy Puddles.

It's raining today, so peppa and George cannot play outside.

Daddy, it's stopped rain, Can we go out to play. Huh, Al alright, run along you two.

Peppa loves jumping in muddy puddles. I love muddy puddles.

Peppa, if you jump in muddy puddles, you must wear your boots.

Sorry, Mummy.

George likes to jump in muddy puddles, too.

George, if you jump in muddy puddles, you must wear your boots.

Peppa likes to look after her little brother, George.

George, let's find some more puddles.

Peppa and Geroge are having a lot of fun, Peppa has found a little puddles.

George has found a big puddle.

George, there's a really big puddle.

George wants to jump into the big puddle first. Stop, George. I must check if it's safe for you.

Good, it is safe for you.

Sorry, George, it's only mud.

Peppa and George loves jumping in muddy puddles.

Come on, George, let's go and show Daddy.

Godness me.

Daddy Daddy, Guess what we've been  doing? Let me think... Have you been watching television.

No No Daddy. Have you just had a bath?

No No.

I know, you've been jumping in muddy puddles.

Yes Yes, Daddy. We've been jumping in muddy puddles.

Ho Ho. And look at mess you're in.

Oooh... oh, well, it's only mud. Let's clean up quickly before Mummy sees the mess.

Daddy, when we've cleaned up, will you and Mummy come and play, too?

Yes, we can all play in the garden.

Peppa and George are wearing their boots. Peppa loves jumping up and down in the muddy puddles.

Every loves jumping up and down in the muddy puddles.

Oh Daddy pig, look at the mess you're in. It's only mud.