# Mr Dinosaur is lost

George's favorite toy is Mr. Dinosaur.

DineDine sawsaw.

George loves Mr. Dinosaur.

Grrrrrrrrr.

Sometimes, George likes to scare Peppa with Mr. Dinosaur.

Grrrrrrrr.

Eeek, too scary.

At suppertime, Mr. Dinosaur sits next to George.

I beg your pardon.

Was that you George, or was it Mr. Dinosaur?

Dinedine sawsaw.

At bath time, George shares his bath with Mr. Dinosaur.

Grrrrrrrr.

Goodnight Peppa, Goodnight Mummy.

Goodnight George, and goodnight Mr. Dinosaur.

Grrrrrrrrr.

When George goes to bed, Mr. Dinosaur is tucked up with him.

George's favorite game is throwing Mr. Dinosaru up in the air.

Wheeeeee.

And catching him when he falls back down.

Wheeeeee.

Peppa and Daddy are playing draughts.

I win, Daddy.

Oh, well done, Peppa.

George?

George, what's the matter?

Dinosaur.

George, have you lost Mr. Dinosaur.

George has lost Mr. Dinosaur.

Don't worry George, we'll find Mr. Dinosaur.

It's a job for a detective.

Daddy, what is a detective?

A detective is a very import person who is good at finding things.

Me me, i am good at finding things.

Alright, Peppa is the detective.

George, i am the detective.

I will help you find Mr. Dinosaur.

May be the detective should ask George some simple questions.

George, where is Mr. Dinosaur?

Whaaaaaaa.

George did not know where Mr. Dinosaur is.

The detective could try and guess where Mr. Dinosaur might be.

I know, i know where he is.

George always has Mr. Dinosaur with him in the bath.

So Mr. Dinosaur is in the bath.

Mr. Dinosaur is not in the bath.

Oh, i know. I know where Mr. Dinosaur is.

George always has Mr. Dinosaur in his bed at night.

So that where he is.

Mr. Dinosaur is not in George's bed.

Oh.

May be we should try the garden.

Yes. the garden.

I was going to see that.

Where is Mr. Dinosaur?

Mr. Dinosaur is very hard to find.

Oh, Mr. Dinosaur is not anywhere.

George, you do love to throw Mr. Dinosaur in the air?

I wonder if this time you throw Mr. Dinosaur just a bit too high.

There he is. There he is.

I saw him first.

Well done, Peppa.

You really are a very good detective.

George is so happy to have Mr. Dinosaur back again.

Wheeeee.

May be it is't a good idea to play with dinosarus near trees.

Dinosaur. 







