# Hide And Seek

Peppa and George are playing hide and seek.

It is George's turn to hide.

He must qucikly find somewhere to hide before Peppa finishes counting.

One... two... three ... four ... five .. six. seven

George has found somewhere to hide just in time.

Ready or not? Here i come.

Peppa has to find where Geroge is hiding.

Found you!

Peppa has found George.

George, i could see you too easily.

Now it's Peppa's turn to hide.

One... two

I help George to count.

One Two Three Four Five Six Seven Eight Nine Ten

Ok, George, open your eyes.

George has to find where Peppa is hiding.

Peppa isn't hiding under the table.

George, have you thought of looking upstaris?

Peppa isn't under the bed.

What was that strange noise?

Peppa isn't behind the curtain.

There is that strange noise again.

What can it be?

George has found where Peppa was hiding .

George found me.

Now it's Daddy's turn to hide.

Oh, i think George should have another turn.

But George isn't very good at hiding.

I am sure he will be better this time.

Close your eyes and start counting.

One two there

Oh, dear, Peppa will easily find George.

George, come over here.

Ready or not? Here i come.

George isn't hiding under the table.

But George always hides under the table.

Have you thought of looking upstairs?

I know where he is!

George is in the toy basket.

George is not in the toy basket.

Where can he be?

Peppa can not find George anywhere.

Daddy, i can not find George anywhere.

Oh, dear, i wander where he can be.

Actually, i think there is something about George in this newspaper.

George, found you.

Oh, George, that was a good place to hide.

George was hiding behind Daddy pig's newspaper all the time.









