# Frogs and Worms and Butterflies.

Peppa and George are helping Grandpa Pig in his garden.

Wow, what a beautiful butterfly!

Grandpa, why do the butterfly like flowers?

The get their food from flowers.

How?

They have very long tongues.

Longer than mine?

Oh, yes, the butterflies's tongue is even longer than yours.

Show uses it to drink from flower.

Wow.

Peppa, the butterfly thinks you're a flower.

I'm not a flower, i'm Peppa Pig.

She is so pretty. I want to be a butterfly.

Peppa is playing at being a butterfly.

I'm a little butterfly.

George wants to play too.

George, i'm the butterfly, you have to be something else.

I know, you can be a wriggly worm.

Look, look, i'm a butterfly.

Oh, dear, George does not want to be a worm.

He wants to be a butterfly.

George, when i was a little piggy, i used to like playing at being a worm.

It's very easy to be a worm.

I'll show you how.

First, you have to lie down on the ground.

Then,  you wriggle around.

I'm a wriggle worm.

George and Grandpa Pig are having such fun being  wriggly worm.

I'm a little butterfly, i'm a little butterfly.

Look, look, i'm a butterfly.

Yes, peppa, you're a beautiful butterfly.

Grandpa, George, what are you doing?

We're wriggly worm.

I want to be a wriggly worm, too.

 I'm a wriggly worm.

I'm a wriggly worm.

I'm a wriggly worm.

I'm a wriggly worm.

How do you do?, I love you.

 I'm a wriggly worm.

That was fun.

What animal do you want to be now?

I don't know.

Look, grandpa, there is a little frog.

Why don't you play at being a frogs?

Hmm, frogs are not as pretty as butterflies, or not as wriggly as worms.

But frogs do play a game you like.

Hmmm, do frogs play dolls' houses?

Silly peppa.

What's your favorite game?

Jumping in muddy puddles.

Yes, frogs love jumping in muddy puddles.

Yes, George, let's play frogs.

I'm a little froggy.

I'm a little froggy.

The froggies have found a nice big muddy puddle to play in.

Peppa and George love jumping up and down in muddy puddles.

Everyone loves jumping up and down in muddy puddles.

Butterflies and worms are  very nice.

But i like frogs the best.

