# Flying a Kite

It's a bright, sunny day.

Peppa and her family are in the park.

They're going to fly a kite.

George is going to fly kite first.

George runs as fast as he can.

But the kite won't fly.

George, you've done it all wrong.

You didn't run fast enough, Now, it's my turn.

Peppa runs as fast as she can.

But the kite  still won't fly.

The kite won't fly if there isn't any wind, no matte how fast you run.

We just have to wait, until the wind picks up a bit.

Look, it's getting windy.

Now that it is windy, the kite can fly.

The wind is quite strong now.

The wind is very strong now.

George, wahhhhh.

Peppa.

Thank you Daddy.

Daddy pig flies the kite.

Hurray.

Higher, higher.

Daddy pig flies the kite very well.

Yes, i am a bit of an expert at these things .

Watch out for the trees. You might get the kite stuck in one.

Don't worry, i know what i am doing.

Oh dear, Daddy Pig has got the kite caught in the tree.

Oh, no.

Don't worry, George, Daddy will get the kite down.

Hurray.

Yes.

Careful, There is a big muddy puddle. 

Peppa and George love to jump in muddy puddles.

Can we jump in the puddle, Please.

No, I don't want you covered in mud.

Stand back, children.

Please be careful, daddy pig.

I know what i'm doing.

Please be careful.

Just a bit further Daddy.

Daddy Pig, you are much too heavy for that branch.

Nonsense, i know exactly how heavy i am. There.

Hurray.

Daddy Pig has rescued the kite.

Whoa.

Oh, dear, everyone is covered in mud.

It's only mud.

Luckily , daddy pig hasn't hurt himself. And the kite is out of tree.

Hurray.

Mommy, now that we're all muddy, can we jump in the puddle. 

I suppose do, after all, you can't get any muddier.

And i think daddy pig is going to be doing the washing.

Peppa and George love jumping up and down in muddy puddles.

Mommy and Daddy love jumping up and down in muddy puddles.

Everyon loves jumping up and down in muddy puddles.

Jumping up and down in muddy puddles is just as much fun as flying the kite.



