# hiccups

George, Peppa, Daddy and Monny are having breakfast.

It's a lovely sunny day.

And George and Peppa can't wait to go into the garden to play.

Mommy, please, can we go out to play?

You can go out to play when you finish your breakfast. 

George, don't drink your juice too quickly.

George drank his juice too quickly, and now he has hiccups.

Can we go out to play now, Mommy?

Not while George has hiccups.

But George's hiccups have gone, Mommy.

Haven't they, George .

Oh, alright, you can go out and play, but look after George .

Peppa and George love playing in the garden.

George, i'm going to throw the ball, and then you have to catch it.

George, please stop hiccuping.

George!!!!

Now you throw the ball to me,and i have to catch it.

George.

Oh, dear, George's hiccups are spoiling the game. 

George, i know how to cure hiccups.

You have to do what i say.

Rub the top of your head and rub your tummy.

George, now your hiccups have gone.

Peppa's cure for hiccups doesn't seem to have worked.

George, you've done it all wrong.

I know a better way to cure hiccups.

George, Jump up and down three times on one leg. 

Now wave your arms up and down and stick your tongue out.

And now close your eyes, and turn around quickly three times.

Peppa's new cure hasn't worked either.

George still has hiccups.

I know, To cure hiccups, the ill piggy must be given a shock.

George, i'm going to scare you.

But you must remember, it's only a game and it'll stop your hiccups.

Remember, this is just pretend scaring.

Peppa, you mustn't play so roughly with George.

He's only little.

Sorry, Mommy, i was just trying to stop George's hiccups.

George's hiccups have gone.

Here comes Daddy pig, with two beakers of juice.

George, if you drink too quickly, you will get hiccups again.

I'm not as little as George.

I can drink juice as quickly as i want to.





