# Gardening

Peppa and George are playing at Granny pig and Grandpa pig's house.

Grandpa, Catch.

Catch.

What's this?

Dinosaur, grrrr

A dinosaur.

Grandpa, what are you doing?

I am planting these seeds.

Seeds? what do seeds do?

Seeds grow into plants.

I just make a little hole and put the seed in.

And i cover it with earth and water it.

Everything in my garden grows from tiny seeds like these.

Even the big apple tree.

Oh, Yes.

The tiny seeds will grow into the little apple tree, like this.

And that little apple tree will grow into a big apple tree like this.

And inside this apple are more seeds.

To make more apple trees.

Exactly.

Grandpa Grandpa.

I want to plant a seeds.

Would you like to plant a strawberry seed?

Yes, please.

This seed will grow into a lovely strawberry plant.

First, make a little hole.

Then i put the seed in and cover it with earth.

Shall i water it for you?

No. No. I want to water it.

Good, now we wait for it to grow.

Peppa and George are waiting for the seed to grow.

It's not doing anything.

You have to be patient, Peppa.

It will take a long time to grow.

Peppa, George, it's time to go home.

But we are waiting for my strawberry plant to grow.

I want strawberry for teas.

Don't worry, Peppa.

Next time you come, the seed will have grown into a plant.

And we will have strawberry.

Yes.

Come on, peppa.

Byebye, grandpa, byebye strawberry.

Grandpa pig looks after  Peppa's strawberry plant.

After many days, Grandpa pig find a tiny plant growing.

Day by day, the plant grows bigger and bigger .

And one day, Grandpa pig finds something very sepcial.

Strawberry.

Grandpa, we're back.

Peppa and George have come to play again.

Grandpa, Grandpa, Did my plant grow?

Yes, look.

Ohh, strawberry.

Thankyou ,grandpa.

Grandpa, can we plant something else?

Yes, now it's George'turn to choose.

Yes, you choose, George .

Choose... a carrot.

Grandpa, i think George wants to grow a carrot.

George, would you like to grow a carrot？

No.

What would you like to grow?

George has thought of something he wants to grow.

Dinosaur.

George wants to grow a dinosaur tree.

Silly george.

Dinosaur don't grow on trees.

Dinosaur, grrrr.



