# Secrets

Monny Pig has made s special box for Peppa.

Peppa, this box is just for you.

Thank you, Mommy.

It's a secret box for you to keep secret things in.

What things can i put in it, Mommy?

 Only you can decide that, Peppa. it's your secret box.

I know what i can put in it.

Can someone understant what peppa is saying

Good, But don't tell me.

I don't tell you, or George  or Daddy. It's a secret.

George, this is my secret box. It's empty.

I have to find some things to put inside.

George wants to help Peppa.

No, George , only i must know what's in the box.

You have to wait outside while i choose.

Peppa is going to choose some secret things to put in the box.

Now, my secret box is full.

George, you must not look inside.

George would like to know what is inside Peppa's secret box.

 if you like, you can try to guess.

Dinosaur..

George thinks Peppa has put a dinosaur in the box.

Oh, George, you always say dinosaur for everything.

Anyway, a dinosaur is too big to fit in the box.

George cann't guess what is in Peppa's secret box.

Daddy Pig is cleanning a picture.

Daddy, this is my secret box. 

Mommy made it for me.

It's very nice, Peppa.

What's inside?

It's a secret.

George tried to guess, but he didn't get it right.

Can i have a try?

Yes.

Have you put my glassess inside?

No, Your glasses are on your head.

So there are.

Silly Daddy, you must have a proper guess.

Ok, Have you put Mommy's shoes in the box?

No, and that's all your guesses, used up.

Peppa likes secrets.

Mommy, no one knows what's in my box.

Oh, what has George got?

I made a box for George, too.

He has filled it with secret things, and only George knows what's inside.

Peppa would like to know what's inside George's box.

It's George's toy dinosaur, of course.

No.

George's toy dinosaur is not in George's box.

It's too difficult, i'll never guess.

Peppa doesn't like secrets as much as she used to.

Maybe, if you showed George one thing from your box, he could show you one thing from his.

Ok, but we must do it at same time.

That's a good idea. On the count of three, you each show what's in your boxes.

Ready, one, two, three.

George has a drum, and Peppa has a trumpet.

Lovely.

Yes, it sounds very nice.

Do you have more secret things?

George has a custard donut.

But Peppa's box is empty.

I've got nothing else.

Luckily, i have, come on, tuck in.

George, Peppa, Mommy Pig and Daddy Pig all like custard donut.,  

I don't have a special box, but i know a very good place to hide my custard doughnut.

Can you guess where?

Are you going to hide it in the fridge?

No, somewhere much special, my tummy.

Delicious.

I'm going to hide mine in my tummy.

Metoo.