# Musical Instruments

Mommy Pig and Daddy Pig has been tidying in the house.

Mommy and I found this old box in the attic.

Can anyone guess what's inside?

Wmmm, nope.

It's full of musical instruments.

Whaaa.

There're a bit old and dusty.

This is the violin i used to play when i was little.

Mommy, can you play your violin?

I haven't played it for a long time.

Please, Mommy, please play it?

I hope i haven't forgotten how.

Bravo, hoorray.

Mommy, can i play the violin?

Hold it like this.

Yes, mommy.

Oh, dear, I didn't think it is meant to sound like that.

George wants to play.

Hold it like this, George.

Oh, that does not sound quite right, either.

The violin is too hard to play.

Peppa, maybe you would do better with this tin drum.

Thank you ,daddy.

That sounds better.

Peppa loves playing the drum.

Lovely.

Yeah, it sounds very nice.

This is Daddy Pig's old accordion.

I used to play this to Mommy Pig when we first met.

Oh, Daddy Pig, i remember this tune.

George wants to play this accordion too.

Are you sure? George, The accordion is quite difficult.

George, the accordion is as difficult to play as my drum.

Okay, George .

Maybe George is a bit too little to play the accordion.

Daddy, What other instruments are in the box?

Just this horn.

Can i try?

You have to blow it very hard.

That doesn't sound right.

It's impossible.

I think i used to able to play it.

That really does not sound right.

Maybe it just needs someone big and strong like me.

That does not sound right, either.

Peppa is right, it is impossible to play.

Never mind, Daddy Pig, just stick to the accordiion.

You play it beautifully.

Well, i do play it quite nicely. even if i say so myself.

And i'll play my violin.

And i'll play my drum.

Mommy Pig plays the violin.

Daddy Pig plays the accordion.

Peppa plays the drum.

But what instrument will George play?

George is blowing the horn.

Mommy couldn't play the horn, and Daddy couldn't play it, And even i couldn't play it.

But George can play it.

