# Dressing Up

Peppa and George are playing in the Mommy and Daddy's bedroom.

What's this?

Peppa has found a box of old clothes.

Whoa, this is Daddy's hat.

And this is Mommy's dress.

George, Let's dress up and pretend to be Mommy and Daddy.

Here is Daddy's hat.

And here is Daddy's coat.

Hello, Daddy Pig.

Now, it's my turn.

This is Mommy's dress.

This is Mommy's hat.

Daddy Pig, where are your shoes?

I need some shoes, too.

Now, i need to look beautiful, just like Mommy.

Peppa has found Mommy's make-up box.

Aha!

First, some powder.

Lovely, now for some lipstick.

What a pretty Mommy Pig.

Come on, Daddy Pig, it's time to go to work.

Mommy Pig is working on her computer.

Hello, Peppa, Hello, George.

I beg your pardon.

Peppa, i was just saying "hello".

I'm not Peppa Pig, i'm Mommy Pig.

Oh, Yes, Of course, Hello, Mommy Pig.

Hello, and this is Daddy Pig.

George.

And Hello to you too, Daddy Pig.

Excuse me, i've got a lot of work to do.

Hello, Yes, Do this, Do that.

No, thank you .goodbye.

Peppa is enjoying pretending to be Mommy Pig.

But George is getting a bit bored.

Sorry, Daddy Pig, i'm nearly finished.

There, all done.

Come on, Daddy Pig. It's your time to do some work.

Goodbye, Daddy Pig and Mommy Pig.

Daddy Pig is digging in the Garden.

Hello, Peppa, Hello, George.

I'm not Peppa, i am Mommy Pig, and this is Daddy Pig.

Daddy Pig is here to do some work.

That's very kind of you, Daddy Pig.

Now, be careful, it's a very deep hole.

I hope you are not digging in your best clothes, Daddy Pig.

I want to make big snorts, too.

Ice cream, every one.

Ice cream.

Peppa, George, you must take off those muddy clothes before you eat.

I'm Mommy Pig, and this is Daddy Pig.

Are you sure?

Yes.

 So, where are Peppa and George?

We don't know.

Oh,well, that's a shame because i've got their favourite ice cream here.

but if we can't find them, then...

Here we are.

Peppa, George, there you are.

Yes, Mommy, we were just pretending to be you and Daddy.

You really had us fooled.